[docs] Add chrony module architecture section (#20043)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/architecture/cluster-and-infrastructure/CHRONY.md

---
title: Chrony module
permalink: en/architecture/cluster-and-infrastructure/chrony.html
search: chrony, ntp, time sync
description: Architecture of the chrony module in Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform.
---

> The [`chrony`](/modules/chrony/) module provides time synchronization on all nodes in the Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform (DKP) cluster using [chrony](https://chrony.tuxfamily.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`chrony`](/modules/chrony/) module provides time synchronization on all nodes in the Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform (DKP) cluster using [chrony](https://chrony-project.org/index.html) NTP server/client implementation.
```

For more details, refer to the [module documentation](/modules/chrony/configuration/).

## Module architecture

{% alert level="info" %}
The following simplifications are made in the diagram:

* The diagram shows containers in different pods interacting directly with each other. In reality, they communicate via the corresponding Kubernetes Services (internal load balancers). Service names are omitted if they are obvious from the diagram context. Otherwise, the Service name is shown above the arrow.
* Pods may run multiple replicas. However, each pod is shown as a single replica in the diagram.
{% endalert %}

> The Level 2 C4 architecture of the [`chrony`](/modules/chrony/) module its interactions with other Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform (DKP) components are shown in the following diagram:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Level 2 C4 architecture of the [`chrony`](/modules/chrony/) module its interactions with other DKP components are shown in the following diagram:
```
